my name is Clayton Walker I'm an Account
Manager at Holly like a bunch of other
folks here at Lexington I've caught the
cyclocross bug I've actually gone so far
as to set up a practice cross course
around the distribution center and we'll
go out at lunch time and even have
practice cross raises every so often for
the upcoming cross season I wanted to
try out a new set of pedals I needed a
pair that would be easy to get in and
out of didn't pack up with mud and would
still let me drop the hammer when I
needed to after searching around for a
bit I think I found exactly what I
needed in the look s track the S track
gets his name from - s-shaped spring
wires that act as torsion bars mounted
on opposing sides of the pedal these
spring wires have been proven and tested
to work consistently in a multitude of
conditions have long working life span
and due to the simplicity of the system
they almost never need any adjustment
since I'm on a bit of a budget I opted
to go with the base model s track bevel
which offer the same functionality as
their race and carbon tie cousins and
only lack a few of their bells and
whistles the standard S track have
chromoly spindles that rotate on ball
bearings a lightweight composite body
and weigh in just 142 grams the
stainless steel contact plate on all S
track pedals have by far the largest
surface area on the market and allow for
maximum power transfer though the S
track race and carbon tie model C
upgrades to their body deflectors and
spindles all three models operate in
conjunction with looks DCs or dynamic
cleat system dcs is based around the
idea that clipless systems don't work
well when they pack full of mud so the S
tracks are specifically designed not to
clog up even in the worst weather
conditions the cleats themselves have a
very high degree of adjustability as
they come with an assortment of
adjustment wedges that help you find the
perfect fit look is one of the most
trusted names in the cycling industry
especially when it comes to pedals the
highest standard of quality that goes
into years of the company's production
of road pedals and ski bindings is easy
to see in the S track which is one of
the simplest and most forward-thinking
off-road pedal designs on the market
whether you're a mountain biker cross
racer touring cyclist or BMX racer look
as tracks pedals are the great choice
regardless of your cycling ability cross
wide variety of disciplines I think s
tracks are perfect for a cyclocross and
I'd look forward to using them
throughout the rest of the season
you